README.md, before:


[![Development tests](https://github.com/bitfireAT/ical4android/actions/workflows/test-dev.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bitfireAT/ical4android/actions/workflows/test-dev.yml)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-kdoc-brightgreen)](https://bitfireat.github.io/ical4android/)
[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/jitpack/version/com.github.bitfireAT/ical4android)](https://jitpack.io/#bitfireAT/ical4android)


# ical4android

ical4android is a library for Android that brings together iCalendar and Android.
It's a framework for

* parsing and generating iCalendar resources (using [ical4j](https://github.com/ical4j/ical4j))
  from/into data classes that are compatible with the Android Calendar Provider and
  third-party task providers,
* accessing the Android Calendar Provider (and third-party task providers) over a unified API.

It has been primarily developed for:

* [DAVx⁵](https://www.davx5.com)
* [ICSx⁵](https://icsx5.bitfire.at)

and is currently used as git submodule.

Generated KDoc: https://bitfireat.github.io/ical4android/

For questions, suggestions etc. use [Github discussions](https://github.com/bitfireAT/ical4android/discussions).
We're happy about contributions! In case of bigger changes, please let us know in the discussions before.
Then make the changes in your own repository and send a pull request.

_This software is not affiliated to, nor has it been authorized, sponsored or otherwise approved
by Google LLC. Android is a trademark of Google LLC._


## How to use

1. Add the [jitpack.io](https://jitpack.io) repository to your project's level `build.gradle`:
    ```groovy
    allprojects {
        repositories {
            // ... more repos
            maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
        }
    }
    ```
   or if you are using `settings.gradle`:
    ```groovy
    dependencyResolutionManagement {
        repositoriesMode.set(RepositoriesMode.FAIL_ON_PROJECT_REPOS)
        repositories {
            // ... more repos
            maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
        }
    }
    ```
2. Add the dependency to your module's `build.gradle` file:
    ```groovy
    dependencies {
       implementation 'com.github.bitfireAT:ical4android:<version>'
    }
    ```


## Contact

```
bitfire web engineering GmbH
Florastraße 27
2540 Bad Vöslau, AUSTRIA
```


## License 

Copyright (C) Ricki Hirner and [contributors](https://github.com/bitfireAT/ical4android/graphs/contributors).

This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY. This is free software, and you are welcome
to redistribute it under the conditions of the [GNU GPL v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).

Commit message:

Add module name to README

README.md, after:


[![Development tests](https://github.com/bitfireAT/ical4android/actions/workflows/test-dev.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bitfireAT/ical4android/actions/workflows/test-dev.yml)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-kdoc-brightgreen)](https://bitfireat.github.io/ical4android/)
[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/jitpack/version/com.github.bitfireAT/ical4android)](https://jitpack.io/#bitfireAT/ical4android)


# ical4android

ical4android is a library for Android that brings together iCalendar and Android.
It's a framework for

* parsing and generating iCalendar resources (using [ical4j](https://github.com/ical4j/ical4j))
  from/into data classes that are compatible with the Android Calendar Provider and
  third-party task providers,
* accessing the Android Calendar Provider (and third-party task providers) over a unified API.

It has been primarily developed for:

* [DAVx⁵](https://www.davx5.com)
* [ICSx⁵](https://icsx5.bitfire.at)

and is currently used as git submodule.

Generated KDoc: https://bitfireat.github.io/ical4android/

For questions, suggestions etc. use [Github discussions](https://github.com/bitfireAT/ical4android/discussions).
We're happy about contributions! In case of bigger changes, please let us know in the discussions before.
Then make the changes in your own repository and send a pull request.

_This software is not affiliated to, nor has it been authorized, sponsored or otherwise approved
by Google LLC. Android is a trademark of Google LLC._


## How to use

1. Add the [jitpack.io](https://jitpack.io) repository to your project's level `build.gradle`:
    ```groovy
    allprojects {
        repositories {
            // ... more repos
            maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
        }
    }
    ```
   or if you are using `settings.gradle`:
    ```groovy
    dependencyResolutionManagement {
        repositoriesMode.set(RepositoriesMode.FAIL_ON_PROJECT_REPOS)
        repositories {
            // ... more repos
            maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
        }
    }
    ```
2. Add the dependency to your module's `build.gradle` file:
    ```groovy
    dependencies {
       implementation 'com.github.bitfireAT:ical4android:<version>'
    }
    ```

To view the available gradle tasks for the library: `./gradlew ical4android:tasks`
(the `ical4android` module is defined in `settings.gradle`).


## Contact

```
bitfire web engineering GmbH
Florastraße 27
2540 Bad Vöslau, AUSTRIA
```


## License 

Copyright (C) Ricki Hirner and [contributors](https://github.com/bitfireAT/ical4android/graphs/contributors).

This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY. This is free software, and you are welcome
to redistribute it under the conditions of the [GNU GPL v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).
